[core] Set OMP_NUM_THREADS to `num_cpus` required by task/actors by default (#30496)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/scaling-and-resource-allocation.md

Deep learning models like PyTorch and Tensorflow often use multithreading when performing inference.
The number of CPUs they use is controlled by the `OMP_NUM_THREADS` environment variable.
Ray sets `OMP_NUM_THREADS=<num_cpus>` by default. To [avoid contention](omp-num-thread-note), Ray sets `OMP_NUM_THREADS=1` if `num_cpus` is not specified on the tasks/actors, to reduce contention between actors/tasks which run in a single thread.

> If you *do* want to enable this parallelism in your Serve deployment, just set `OMP_NUM_THREADS` to the desired value either when starting Ray or in your function/class definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you *do* want to enable this parallelism in your Serve deployment, just set `num_cpus` (recommended) to the desired value, or manually set the `OMP_NUM_THREADS` environment variable when starting Ray or in your function/class definition.
```
